Rewrite xilem_web to support new xilem_core (#403)
linebender/xilem: xilem_web/README.md

<div align="center">

# Xilem Web

</div>

<!-- Close the <div> opened in lib.rs for rustdoc, which hides the above title -->

</div>

<div align="center">

**Experimental implementation of the Xilem architecture for the Web**

[![Latest published version.](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/xilem_web.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/xilem_web)
[![Documentation build status.](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/xilem_web.svg)](https://docs.rs/xilem_web)
[![Apache 2.0 license.](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-blue.svg)](#license)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\
```
This makes the badge lines become closer together (a line break rather than a paragraph break)

> # `xilem_web`

Reviewer: We could plausibly follow the usual readme patterns here, but that probably isn't a job for this pr

Author: You're right, I've copied a lot of the Xilem Core Readme and actually used the same pattern to include it in the `lib.rs` now, you probably want to look quickly at it again before I merge.

Reviewer: I'll update both once this is merged. Thanks!

> This is a prototype of a potential implementation of the Xilem architecture (implementing `xilem_core`) using DOM elements as Xilem elements (unfortunately the two concepts have the same name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a prototype implementation of the Xilem architecture (through `xilem_core`) using DOM elements as Xilem elements (unfortunately the two concepts have the same name).
```
